# CS230-Software-design-doc

The Gaming Room is a company that makes a number of games, and currently they have an Android game called Draw It or Lose It that is doing well, and they want to expand to a web-based version of the application that is available on web, iOS, and Android. In developing the software requirement documentation for The Gaming Room and their Draw It or Lose It game, I think I did well in determining the requirements for the client and enumerating the design constraints most of all. Working through the document helped narrow the focus when developing the code for the actual game itself, and made sure to remove unnecessary distractions and limit the scope within realistic constraints. 

In choosing a part of the documentation to revise, I would go back and flesh out the evaluation of the operating platforms and their comparisons, especially within the context of Draw It or Lose It. While interpreting the user's needs, it became clear how to implement the code, especially with the UML diagram determining a number of the constraints. It is incredibly important to consider the user's needs when in the design phase, because it is very much a waste of time and effort to develop an application that is not the one being asked for!

The design of the software was determined by assessing the needs of the user, the client's request for migrating the game to the web and iOS in addition to Android, and meeting the design constraints detailed by their UML diagram. Taking the time to enumerate the requirements and constraints in advance was incredibly helpful for when it came time to actually develop the code, because the question of what I was trying to do was already made clear. All that was left to consider was the how do I meet what needs to be developed.
